From VOA Learning English, this is the Technology Report.
The Internet is one of the most popular forms of technology.But can using Internet have the same effect as taking a drug? The answer seems to be "Yes" in at least one country. China says many teenagers are Internet addicts. It says they have grown dependent on the Internet. In fact, China feels that Internet addictions is the biggest threat to its teenagers. Some critics enven call the Internet, 'electronic herion.'
In 2008, China became one of the first countries to delcare Internet addiction an official medical condition. Experts released a report the defined the condition, or disorder. It said people with Internet Addition Disorder spend more than six hours online doing something other than work or study. Based on the definition, China has over 20 million internet addicts. The condition had led to the creation of over 250 camps within China. They are desinged to treat young addicts.
The first addiction camp opened in 2005 in the capital, Beijing. The camps treat the country's young addicts for their dependence on the Internet and video gaming.
Teenagers can spend three to four months at a camp. Once there, the patients are required to do demanding physical exercises and take medication. Some patients reportedly are placed in rooms by themselves for up to 10 days.
Eric Harwit is a professor of Aisan Studies at the University of Hawaii. Professor Harwit says chines parents are worried because they take education very seriously. He says they saw a lot of teenagers start to lose interest in shool and spend their time playing games on the Internet.
Shosh Shlam and Hilla Medalia are filmmakers from Israel. They released a documentary called Web Junkie last month. It tells about the Internet about the Internet addiction camps. There film was produced at the Daxing teratment center in Beijing.
Hilla Midalia says there are no showers at the camp. The teenagers wake up very early in the morning. She says it is like the addicts are doing militbary tarining.
But Ms.Medalia says camo officials believe conditions like these provide a discipline, or sense of self-control, that the patients need. Officials at the Daxing treatment center said the 70 percent of their patients overcame Internet addiction.
Eric Harwit says once the teenage patients leave the camp, they are not supported to play games. But they still have to use the internet. He says a lot of research is now done online.
China is not the only counrty dealing with Internet addiction. South Korea has opened over 100 treatment centers for teenagers suffering from the effects of 'electronic heroin.'
And that's the VOA LEarning English Technology Report. I'm Jonathan Evans.


Cameroon is experimenting with Africa's first mobile system to send a cardiac, or heart signal over a wireless network. The system will give much needed medical assistance to heart patients in rural areas. Cameroonian Arthur Zang invented the device called the Cardiopad. He was just 24 years old when he invented it.
The Cardiopad is a touch screen medical tablet that enables heart examinations to be performed. The reuslts of the tests are sent wirelessly to specialists.
Simplice Momo is 55-year-old heart patient in rural area of Cameroom. he says the Cardiopad saves him time and money. He says it is too costly and difficult for him to see a heart specialist in the city.
"It has been aboult a year now; They said I had cardivascular disease. I have been traveling to the city to take treatment. But since they brought this machine, they just put the machine inside me so I no longer travel to the city, which it was expensice for me before."
Cameroon has a population of about 22 million people. But the counrty only has 40 heart surgenons. Most are in the cities of Douala or Yaounde. Sometimes the heart experts needed can only be found outside the counrty.
Apolonia Budzee is a nurse at Saint Elizabeth Cardiac Center. She says the device will permit doctors to send patients' medical information to specialist in Europe.
"You know we do not have a resident surgeon. So we have various teams coming from Italy, from France, Sweden, Germany and other places. So we are not working on a daily basis. We collect the patients and program and then call the people up to come and operate."
Arthur Zang started the Cardiopad project five years ago. The young computer engineer said he needed more training and $45000 to develop the device. His family did not have the money. Banks would not give him loans. So he shared his idea on social media. The president of Cameroon, Paul Biya, answered the appeal with money for the project. Mr. Zang also received free online training from an engineering school in India.
"When I decided to design the tablet at the electronic level, I did not have the knowledge because I am basically a computer science engineer. So I decided to learn myself electronics by online video. So I went to the internet and discoverd a free education program provided by the Indian Institue of Technology. This is how I learned electronics online."
The Cameroon scientific community has recognized the Cardiopad as extremely effective. The device costs about $4000. The government of Carmeroon has not been able to provide the device to hospitals in need. Most of them lack internet and enough electricity. But the Cardiopad testing at the Bafia Hospital is gaining attention and may get the assistance needed.
Mr. Zang says he has had private investors contact him.  But he is more interested in investors who share his vision. That vision is not of money, but of better ways to help improve people's lives.
I'm Jonathan Evans.

Ebola:Economic Impact Could Be Devastating
From VOA Learning English, this is Economics Report.
The world Bank is warning that the West Africa Ebola crisis could severely harm the economics of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone unless action is taken quickly. World Bank President Jim Yong Kim spoke to reporters recently to dicuss the effects of the Ebola spread.
"Our findings indicate that if the virus continues to spread the economic cost to these countries could grow eight-fold by 2015. This would deal a potentially catastrophic blow to their alreay fragile economies, " said Kim.
Mr.Kim says, "saving lives and preventing new infections" is most important. The bank has released $117-million for an "immediate humanitarian response." The World Bank President says the SARS outbreak between 2002 and 2004 showed how a disease could damage economies. 800 people died from SARS and the economic losses were estimated to be $40-million.
Mr.Kim says SARS and the H1N1 outbreak of 2009 taught that feat and avoidance resulted in about 90-percent of the economic losses. That means the disease is causing two levels of economic damage.
"There are two kinds of contagion. One is related to the virus itself and the second is related to the spread of fear about the virus," said Kim.
The Would Bank predicts the losses to the economics of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea will be a combined $360-million. Mr.Kim says losses could be limited to about $97-million next year with quick action to contain the virus. However, if there is not what he calls an "immediate massive effort, "losses could reach $800-million in 2015.
The World Bank's research includes only Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone. But estimates show that losses could reach billions of dollars if the Ebola virus spreads widely to other African nations.
Mr.Kim says fast action is necessary. He says getting the disease under control is still far away. That is because there are not enough health care wirkers in the affected areas. The World Bank President says the nost important issue is to act quickly in order to limit economic losses.
"However many cases there are right now, if we get an effective response on the ground in the next few months, we can really blunt the vast majority -80 to 90-percent - of the economic impact," said Kim.
There is no cure or vaccine for Ebola. However, Mr.Kim says an effective effort could also sharply reduce the high death rate of about 53 percent for Ebola infections. He says the effort only needs more people, more money, more attention and more commitment.
And that's the VOA Learning English Economics Report. I'm Mario Ritter.

Questions fro NASA after Rocket Explosion
An unmanned privately-owned rocket bringing supplies to the International Space Station exploed seconds after launch Tuesday night. The accident did not cause injuries on the ground. However, it has raised questions about efforts by the US space agency NASA to use private companies to carry out near-Earth space exploration and supply missions.
The Antares rocket exlpoded as it took off from NASA's launch center in Wallops Island, Virginia. Orbital Sciences Corporation built the rocket. It was carrying a Cygnus supply vehicle containing more than 2,200 kilograms of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station, Or ISS.
However, during a press conference on Tuesday night, NASA's William Gerstenmaier said none of the supplies were in his words, critical, to the space station crew. He said the ISS crew is on danger.
NASA officals have blocked off the area on Wallops Island. They warn that some of the wreckage form the rocket may be dangerous.
News reports centered on the Antares rocket's engines soon after the explosion. They are Russion-built rocket engines updated in the U.S. They were first desinged in the late 1960s to carry Soviet cosmonauts to the moon. The liquid-fueled engines wre chosen for their power to lift heavy loads.
Frank Culbertson is Executive Vice President and Manager of Advenced Programs for Orbital Sciences. He says the engines were tested in the US. However, the website NASA Space fligt.com reported that the design exploded during a test at Stennis Space Center in Mississippi in May.
Mr. Culbertson said the company has a lot of information to study to learn about what happened. He noted:
"We don't know if it was the engine or not. That's something we'll try to determine as quickly as possible."
He added that the history of the engine had been well-documented. He also noted that the rocket cost the company about $200million. The launch was to be the Antares rocket's third supply mission to the ISS. Orbital Sciences released a statement sayiung : "As soon as we understand the cause we will begin the necessary work to return to flight."
Elon Musk is the chief executive of SpaceX, a competitor to Orbital Sciences. In a 2012 interview with Wired magazine, Mr. Musk had strongly criticized the Russian-built engines used by Orbital Sciences.
The accident has drawn attention to NASA's dependence on private companies in the US to provide space flight vehicles and services. NASA is paying Orbital Sciences Corporation and the company SpaceX in California billions of dollars to bring supplies to the ISS. The US space agency also wants SpaceX and aerospace company Boeing to start launching astronauts to the orbiting laboratory by 2017.
Recently,NASA announced its choice of two spaceships, one built by Boeing and the other by SpaceX to bring American astronauts to the international Space Station. The program is to cost $6.8 billion.
NASA officals say the International Space Station remains well supplied. On Wednesday, Russia successfully launched an unmanned Soyuz rocket and supply ship from its space center in Baikonur, Kazakhstan. The Progress 57 cargo ship is expected to reach the ISS Wednesday.
I'm Maario Ritter.
Mario Ritter wrote this report for VOA's Learning English. Materials from NASA,  the Associated Press, Reuters and VOA were used.Hai Do was the editor.

Solar Power Plant in Africa to Supply Europe
WASHINGTON - By 2018, a large solar power plant in the Tunisian part of the Sahara desert may start sending power to energy-hungry Western Europe. The company running the plant says once it is fully opeartional it will generate almost twice as much electricity as an average nuclear plant and supply two million homes in Europe.
According to the European Commission's Insitute for Energy, just 0.3 percent of the Saharan Desert's instense solar energy can procide Europe with all the electrical power it needs.
A company called Nur Energy plans to capture some of it by building a solar plant similar to an Israeli one in the Negev desert that uses heliptropic mirrors. This technology, unlike photovoltaic cells, can generate energy even when the sky is overcast or at night.
Thousands of mirrors, spread over 100 square kilometers, will concentrate sunlight to a tower where it heats and melts a special salt.
Kevin Sara, the CEO of Nur Energy,said the technology makes storage easy.
"You can tne store that heat very easily,so you can continue producting electricity after the sun goes down," said Sara.
In a heat exchanger, the molten salt turns water into steam for turbines that turn electrical generators.
Sara said the project could significantly decrease use of fossil fuels in Europe.
"We could gradually decarbonize the European grid using desert power, using this solar energy with storage from the Sahara desert and linked to Europe with high-voltage DC cables which are very, very low in their losses," said Sara.
The cable link to Europe is another interesting part of the project.
Instead of the usual alternating current transmission, Nur Energy plans to send the power byu a dedicated direct current underwater cable, Power being sent through the cable has a loss rate of just 3 percent per 1000 kilometers. In addition to being cheaper, this technology requires no synchronization between different AC transmission systems.
Recently, Tunisia held its second democratic parliamentary elections. Sara said the solar energy project could contribute to the country's stability.
"A lot of this equipment can be manufactured by local Tunisian companies, and that will create employment and employment opportunities for the Tunisian youth," said Sara.
The construction of the solar plant in soutwestern Tunisia is expected to start by the end of 2016, with the first kilowatts being delivered by late 2018.

Wrting Groups Can Help Students with Papers
This is VOA Learning English Education Report.
Writing an eassy or paper for school can feel like - and often is - a big challenge. But an expert from Duke University in North Carolina has some ideas to make the process easier -- and produce better results.
Jennifer Ahern-Dodson is an assistant writing professor.She also helps organize writing groups for both students and teachers. She believes getting advice and suggestions from others can help.
Ms.Ahern-Dodson says that students usually share their writing only when it is completed and ready to give to the teacher. Instead, she suggested that you prepare and early draft version. Then, ask yourself who can give you helpful feedback, or reaction, on what you havr written.
"Who can I share it with? who can give me feedback? What I like to describe that as, is finding the right reader at the right time."
Or, Ms.Ahern-Dodson says you may want more than one reader to comment, You may want a writing group.
"A lot of my work with sudents and faculty(teachers) is helping them form writing communities to share writing on a regular basis."
She says starting a group takes "a little bit of cultivating." One requirement is that everyone taking part must offer their own work for comment.
"Like any community, you don't build trust immediately. Part of it is, everyone has to be willing to share their own writing. And you have to establish ground rules. Rules of the road, right?"
Ms.Ahern-Dodson says these rules should include what kind of feedback is needed.
"Usually folks don't want someone to be mean. But you want your readers to be specific, and give useful feedback."
She says that means much more than saying "Good job!" Or "Great!" without real thought.
She says sharing writing can reduce the stres that many students feel when they write a paper just before the deadline, the time limit. This is the idea of student who goes into a room alone and 12 hours later out with a good paper. She says some people call this "binge" writing.
"Yes, some people can do that successfully. But it's not a positive experence that you want to do again and again and again."
She has other ideas for what she called "a sane and enjoyable writing life."
Ms. Aher-Dodson says some people form writing groups where they live. Others establish groups with other students from their classes.
"Some just meet in a coffee shop(store) and bring whatever writing they'er working on at the time. You know, finding a community of writers cannot only get your writing going but it can keep your writing going."
An she says that is very valuable for writing well.
And that's the VOA Learning English Education Report for today. I'm Jrei Watson.

American Scientists Work on Printing of Living Tussue Replacements
From VOA Learning English, this is the Technology Report.

Michael Yost is a leader of the research team. He says the printing process is fully automated -- machine-operated. He says that the Palmetto bio-printer makes it possible to create complex tissue types.

"And with our 3-D bio-printer, we have been able to create new microvascular networks that we can then grow new tissues in very key areas such as pancreas, liver and kidney."

The Researchers say bio-printer is still experimenttal. But they hope in a few years they may be able to print tissue to replace damaged human organs.

But there are still concerns with biofabrication. Some scientists worry about how to get blood to the replacement tissue. The flow of blood is important to keeping the printed tissue alive. Michael Yost hopes that more people will believe in the benefits of biofabrication.

"Tissue biofabrication is reality, and it is a reality now, and if you come here and you get to see it. You will get to see it. You can not touch it, but you will see it and think this is real. And this is really human."

And that's the Technology Report from VOA Learning English. I'm Jonathan Evans.

WWF:Global Wildlife Populations Down by Half Since 1970
From VOA Learning English , this is the Agriculture Report.
The  World Wildlife Fund says more than half of the world's wildlife population has been lost. The conservation group says this has placed the health of the planet at risk.

The WWF recently released its 10th Flagship Living Planet Report. The group warns the condtion of the world's animals is worse than its earlier reports showed. It says worldwide action is needed.

The WWF says it is worried about the loss of and damage to Earth's enviroment. The report provides information about more than 10000 animal population from 1970 tp 2010. These populations are called "vertebrate species," or animals with backbones -- like flish, birds, mammals, amphibians and repties.

The report says these populations have dropped by 52 percent in just 40 years. It says freshwater species have fallen by 76 percent. That is almost twice the loss of land and ocean species. Most of these losses are in the tropics. The report says the biggest drop has been in Latiin America.

Marco Lambertini is the WWF's International Director-General, He spoke to VOA about the report.

"This is about losing natural habitats. This is about converting forests, grasslands, and wetlands into agriculture mainly, and it is about unsustainable use of wildlife. So,wildlife traffic, hunting, and unsustainable hunting practices like that. Poaching, as you mention, has been actually increasing over the last 10 years and is definitely a driving force for extinction, particularly of large species. But, also as you mention, there are dimensions to poaching that are related to timber, illegal logging and also fisheries."

The report alos notes what it calls the world's "Ecological Footprint." That is the effect of human activities on the planet. Mr. Lambertini says there has been an increase in carbon dioxide gases and the pouring of nitrogen into oceans and rivers from fertilizers used in agriculture. He sasy this cannot continue.

"So, we are consuming on average every year about the equivalent of about 1.5, one-and-a half times the resources available to the planet. That means we are cutting trees more quickly than they can restored. We are fishing the oceans more quickly thant fishing stocks can reproduce, and we are emitting in the atmosphere more CO2 than the natural systems can actually absorb. This is clearly not sustainable.

Mr.Lambertini warns climate change affects almost everyone on the planet. He says whole species may disappear if the world does not reduce the effects of humans on the climate.

For VOA learning English, I'm Anne Ball.

Progress made in Fight Against Ebola
International health officials say the number of new Ebola cases in West Africa is falling. But the experts warn this news must not slow this fight against Ebola. The United Nations is still calling for more international help to fight the deadly virus.

In late October, officials in West began reporting some good news in the battle against Ebola. The number of new cases is dropping.

In Liberia's capital, Anthony Banbury is the UN official responsible for emergency Ebola response efforts. He confirmed there have been improvements in the fight against the deadly disease. Fewer people are getting infected and fewer are dying from it.

But he warns, the fight against Ebola is far from over.

"We need NGOs and others to come in and run these facilities. We are putting in place the ligistics capabilities. We are building the care centers. We are getting the equipment, everything we need to go in them. The patients are there in far too great numbers. What we don't have are the partners to run the facilities and we need them now."

In the United States, health officials have expressed hope that a new vaccine may protect against Ebola. The disease has already killed about 5000 people and infected close to 14000 others.

Lausanne's University Hospital in Switzerland began testing the vaccine on Tuesday in healthy volunteers. A doctor who only have name as "Tina" agrred to take part in the study. She says a safe vaccine that works is needed to prevent the spread of Ebola.

"I think the sooner we have a caccinethe works, that is safe, then the sonner we can use that caccine to  vaccinate the people in West Africa and wherever else the Ebola could spread."

Experts say there is no danger of getting Ebola from the caccine. Vincent Moonser is with Lausanne's University Hospital.

"What we measure is anti-bodies to the protein which is produced by the vaccine, and we also do some spacific and detailed analysis on the white blood cells in the blood to ask the question whether the cells exposed to vaccine have a diiierent biology than those who have not been excposed to the vaccine."

If the vaccine proves effective, reseearchers will organize tests with larger groups.

French researchers are developing an Ebola test that would give results in 15 minutes. The current test used to test for Ebola takes 24 hours. Faster tests also are being developed in Japan and the United States.

I'm Anna Matteo.

World Trade Center Reopens for Business in NYC
From VOA Learning English, this is the Economiscs Report.
Thirteen years have past since the September 11th, 2001 terrorist attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center in New York City. Now its replacement have opened for business. One World Trade Center is America's tallest building at 104 levels or storeys. The company Conde Nast Publishing recently moved into offices there.

Conde Nast says it will have 2,300 employees spread among 24 floors of the building. The building still raises safety concerns among some people who remember what happened on the site. But those arriving for work, soon after Conde Nast offices opened, expressed no conerns about being safe.

"There's plenty of security here. You feel safe, at least I do," said Austin Parker.

"You know it's a tragedy what happened in 2001, but I think it's a great tribute to America what they've come back and done. I'm proud to work here," said Mary Anne Cacey.

On the day the building opened for business, Conde Nast, the New York and new Jersey Port Authority and Construction Company Officials praised the new skyscraper.

Charles Townsend is Conde Nast's Chief Executive.

"This is a terrific day for Manhattan, a wonderful day for New York City and a absolutely great day for Conde Nast," said Townsend.

Steve Plate is director of One World Trade Center construction. He noted how important it was to rebuild what was lost.

"We give you back as a gift of remembrance, of people we lost that fateful day but also of the wonder of how people pull together to make such a wonderful thing, a wonderful structure in their memory," said Plate.

One Wolrd Trade Center is 541 neters high, There are 2789,000 square meters of space within the building. 60 percent of the space has been rented or leased by a number of publishing, technology and communications companies.

One World Trade Center cost $3.9 billion to build. It is one of the world's costliest structures. The One World Trace Center website says the structure uses the newest safety and security systems.

And that's the Economics Report for VOA Learning English. For more of our programs. go to our website 51voa.com. I'm Mario Ritter.

Robot Takes Cues from Deadly Rattlesnakes
From VOA Learning English, this is the Technology Report.

Five years ago, the Mars Rover Spirit got stuck in sand on the red planet. Spirit is one of the American space agency's two motorized vehicles on Mars.
Recently, the other vehicle - Curiosity - had to go a long way to acoid another sandy area. These incidents led some scientists to develop ways to keep the costly robots trapped int the sand. These scientists looked to nature for their ideas.
The researchers flew deadly snakes to Zoo Atlanta in Atlanta, Georgia. The sankes, called sidewinder rattles, are native to the southwestern United States.

The creatures were put in a specially deigned sandbox with inclines that could be raised up or lowered. The scientists used high speed video cameras to record the position of the snakes as they moved sideways up different inclines. Their movement is called sidewinding,

Daniel Goldman teachers physics at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta. He says the snakes moved easily in the sandeven when the sand began moving.

Mr. Goldman and other researchers wrote about their findings in the journal Science. They are said to be the first to explain this kind of snake movement.

"We noticed that the animals were in fact sidwingding, using the same kind of pattern of sidewinding they use on hard ground, but laying instead of only a few points of contact on the body contacting the ground, they were essentially laying more and more snake body down on the hill as the incline angle increased."

Researchers then performed experiments with a robot developed at Carnegie Mellon University in pennsylvania. The robot is called MOD-Snake. It is one meter long, and has 16 parts or moudles. Each module is 6 centimeters wide.

Daniel Goldman says the robot has a long history of getting in and out of tight places. Researchers wanted to get the MOD-Snake to climb in the same way as the sidewinder rattlers. 

"And those same waves existed in the robot and allowed it to make its maneuvers and allowed us to modify those waves to make the kind of maneuvers that the snake did on sand dounes of different inclines -- that is, laying down more robot as the hill angle increased."

The researchers performed the same experiment with other snakes closely related to the rattles. But all of those creatures failed to side up the inclines.

Joe Mendelson is research director at Zoo Atlanta. He says the robot model helped explain why those snakes have trouble climbing.

Mr. Mendelson adds that the next generation of Mod-Snake may be used to save lives or explore unexplored areas on Earth or even in space.

"Robots are expensive. And a robot gets stuck in the sand, that's a problem. And you realize, part of going into this, we realize that sidewinders never ever, ever get stuck on sand!"

The researchers hope the new sidewinder robot will travel up and down sand dunes just as well.

I'm Jonathan Evans.

Exports Consider China's Proposed Developed Bank
From VOA Learning English, this is the Economics Report.

The United States has expressed concerns about China's plan to create a new development bank for Asia. U.S. officals say they have questions about how the new bank's system of governance. But some experts say opposition to the new organization may not be a good idea.

China and 20 other countries launched the Asia Infrsatructure Investment Bank last month. But some nations, including the United States, wonder whether the bank meets international models for governance and openness. U.S. State Department official Jen Psaki says openness would be important for such an organiztion.

"Our view is that it would need to be done in a transparent manner with a high level of high standards, and that's something that we've conveyed to countries in the region, that we've conveyed as well to the Chinese."

She added that the United States is concerned about the unclear nature of the bank. Many critics see it as possible competitor to existing institutions like the Asian Development Bank. 

Some observers say the U.S. opposition to the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is a mistake. Richard Cronin directs the Southeast Asia Program at the Henry L. Stimson Center, in Washingtn, DC.

"Sateguards and accountability issues are certainly valid issues, but the other thing is it's the reality. It's happening. So the U.S. can express concerns but, you know, it's not very good international politics to take a stance against the bank. I mean, it's going to happen."

"The United States is not the only nation to have reservations about the new development bank. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott recently said his government would like to join. But first, he said, it needs the bank to have the kind of transparency found in organizations such as the World Bank. South Korea has said more consideration is needed on the new bank's governance."

Richard Cronin also says geopolitical considerations are the biggest reason why the United States and some of its allies have not joined the bank. The U.S. and its traditional allies have heavily influenced the international banking system for many years. They have funded and worked through institutions such as the World Bank and the Asia Development Bank. For a long time, China and other developing economies have said they have little influence at Western-led development banks.

Some observers say the United States should consider joining the new bank instead of ignoring it. Kenneth Lieberthal works at the Brookings Institution in Washington. He formerly served as a special advisor to the oresident during the administration of Bill Clinton.

"I think we actually ought to get engaged with this, becoming a part of it, and try to, through that engagement, both show the Chinese that we are prepared to accept a greater role for them in areas where they are contributing to public goods and we want to work with them to have the standards that are necessary to sustain the way the international system now functions."

Mr. Lieberthal believes that if the United States does not get involved, it risks appearing unwilling to steps to improve the area.

And that's the VOA Learning English Economics Report. I'm Mario Ritter.

Oppostion Blocks India's Economic Reform Laws
In India, government efforts to reform the ecomomy have slowed. The reason: the political oppostion is blocking the passage of legislation through parliament.

For more than two weeks, India's political oppostion has blocked action in parliament. Oppostion memebers are demanding that Prime Minister Narendra Modi dismiss his foreign minister and two state leaders. The targeted officials are accused of corruption.

Mr. Modi's government has refused to dismiss the ministers, saying the accusations have not been proven. The dispute in parliament has almost ended the government's hopes of passing legislation related to tax reform and land purchases in the current term.

Dharmakirti Joshi is chief economist at the rating agency Crisil in Mumbai. He says these two bills were the centerpiece of the government's promise to make India an easier place to do business.

"What is happening in respect to both the bills is that there is delay and dilution of content. If they don't get cleared, yes, it will be a hit to the sentiment and it will constraint growth going ahead," he said.

The tax reform bill is known as the Goods and Services Tax. It aims to create a single market across India. It would do this by replacing the many different taxes levied by individual states with a single sales tax.

The land bill would have made it easier for industry to acquire ladn to put up factories. However, those plans have also been delayed after the oppostion denounced them as "anti-farmer."

Prime Minister Modi is having difficult time passing laws because his government does not command a majority in the upper house of parliament.

Satish Misra studies Indian politics for the Observer Research Foundation in New Delhi. He blames the government for not doing enough to build ties with the oppostion.

"They will have to take the oppostion on board, only then things will start moving... the government is not willing to concede even an inch to the oppostion."

The political impasse is affecting the Indian economy. In a recent report, Moody's said the disputes are hurting business confidence - how business leaders feel about current economic conditions. The credit ratings agency added that the government's failure to deliver promise reforms could slow growth.

Prime Minister Modi came to power last year in the promise of restoring momentum to a slowing economy. Growth has picked up, but the rate of change has been slower than expected from a man who many had hoped would change India's business climate.









































































